What number doesn’t have its own Roman numeral?
What is the only even prime number?
What is our current numerical system based on?
Is Pi a rational or irrational number?
What is the square root of 144?
What is five squared?
What is an angle called if it’s greater than 90 degrees?
Does a convex shape curve inward or outward?
How many sides does a nonagon have?
What does the Roman numeral “X” equal?
When was the first computer invented?
What was the name of the first computer invented?
Who is known as the father of computers?
What was the first mass-produced computer?
What is the computer's main circuit board called?
Which part of the computer fetches, decodes, and executes the programming instructions? (In short form)
What does 'CD-ROM' stands for?
Which computer hardware device performs the functions like click, point, drag, or select.
What is often seen as the smallest unit of memory?
What is a computer program that translates computer code from one programming language into another called?
What was the name of the research ship Charles Darwin traveled with?
In which year did Hitler commit suicide?
In which year was John F. Kennedy assassinated?
Greenland was a colony of which country until 1981?
In 1927, who became the first man to fly solo and non-stop across the Atlantic?
What was the family name of the Russian rulers from the 17th century until the 1917 revolution?
Which U.S. president had a home called The Hermitage?
Which famous battle took place on Sunday, June 18th, 1815?
When did Mao Zedong come to power?
Which war took place between 1950 and 1953?
Which Renaissance scientist is credited with the discovery of the pendulum?
Name the SI unit of mass?
What is the name of Isaac Newton's three extremely important laws?
Which physicist is more famous for his cat than for his equation?
Can you name the tube used to produce X-rays?
For what discovery did Albert Einstein win his first Nobel prize?
Which is the main type of radiation that is emitted when a copper plate is heated to 100 degree centigrade?
Can you state the year in which Max Planck introduced his quantum theory to science?
Who developed an equation that relates momentum and wavelength?
For what discovery did Karl Manne Georg Siegbahn win a Nobel Prize in 1924?
What is the phobia of eyes called?
Which is the hardest bone in the human body?
Which organ in the body can process pain but cannot feel it?
What part of the cell's covering do plant cells have that animal cells don't?
Which protein helps in the degradation of aged and damaged cells by targeting them to be destroyed?
Which branch of science helps us take a closer look at cells?
Which cells make new bones?
Which is the division of chemical biology that studies sugar molecules?
What is the enzyme that facilitates the transfer of a phosphate group to a protein substrate?
What is the name of the protein that was taken from a jellyfish, which helps visualize proteins under a microscope?